---
layout: base.njk
title: January 2026 Meeting Minutes
date: 2026-01-12
tags: minutes
---

# January 2026 Meeting Minutes

Judy did the prayer, Joe did the pledge.

**Roll call:** 17 members in attendance

## Officer Reports

**President Mike Elkins:** Getting a 501(c)(3) and working on getting a piece of property. We can take over the emergency communications group and take over the 501(c)(3). If we go that way we can apply for grants, possibly more places will donate money if we are a 501(c)(3). Donated radios from a former Ham and could possibly be made for the new radio shack. James Sneed donated the equipment. Motion made to make him a lifetime honorary member, motion passed. Membership dues discussion.

**Treasurer Alicia Parham:** The treasurer's report was read for Oct, Nov and Dec, and passed. Current members: 4 life members.

**Secretary Chan Patrick:** Corrections or additions, passed. Old motions: Hamfest will be voted on.

**VP Bobby Murphy:**
- **Hamfest Budget:** Possibly letting Jim Stanford make a Hamfest prizes package. $2000 Hamfest budget motion made, passed.
- **Hamfest Pricing:** $10 table (as long as they last)/$10 tailgate/$10 general admission. Several larger vendors will not be charged for the first year.
- **Hamfest Signage:** Need to have new signs and Susan will be helping with that.
- **Winter Field Day:** Jan 24/Jan 25 is winter field day and can bring trailer.
- **Central High:** Will Davis at Central High needs ham radio equipment to make a ham shack there.
- **Website:** Kevin has the new website up and running and it is going great.

**Trustee:** [No report]

## Old Business

None reported.

## New Business

- Joe Guy said we have a radio shack at the Justice Center we can use whenever we want.
- Discussion was made about what to do with the donated radios (either out in the ham shack or prices for the ham fest).
- Winter field will need to start 9/10am at Hardee's and then go from there if the rain holds off.
- Judy brought up who will be the new trustee, so far no one has wanted to do the position.
- Joe thanked Bobby for doing the packet seminar.
- Susan suggested a written list of what all is required as the trustee, and Mike said he would bring the write up next meeting.
- ACS meeting was discussed from last Saturday, the next meeting is Feb 21.
- 3rd Thursday 9am the hospitals will be on the air.

The meeting was adjourned.

---

**Next Meeting:** February 9, 2026
